Unless section we saw that we got some automatic navigation between our scenes working but there is
that little bit of oddity of that right hander.
You know what I just realized I've been saying right handed and it's actually the left hand.
Oh my gosh you guys.
Oh man how embarrassing.
Well I was thinking about right hand from the device's perspective.
That's that is my that is my that is my.
That is what I'm going to claim.
OK.
How embarrassing.
Well such as the way we're going to roll right on Anyways we the nav bar up you're automatically from
the routeing library.
So definitely getting a lot of free functionality here.
But we definitely don't want that button on the left hand side.
Let's figure out how this thing's working.
Figure out the fix here is going to require a little bit more knowledge on how scenes work.
So let's just take a quick break and figure out how the thing works out.
OK first off want to start back here at this diagram that we were looking at before.
So we looked at this diagram a couple of seconds ago and I had said that we have two separate flows.
We've got an authentication flow and the main flow.
So think of these two flows right now and tell me where you think it's appropriate to have a back button.
Right now we have a back button going from this employee list screen to the authentication screen.
And it probably doesn't make sense to have it there right now.
You know if if that thing actually said like sign out or log out then yes it would make sense.
But right now just having like a button with no explanation doesn't make sense at all.
Some say having a backpack in between these two.
Definitely it does not.
In some places it does make sense to have a backup.
However for example when I'm on my employee list if I tap on an employee and go to this kind of detail
or create screen you know whatever it is it does make sense to have a back button to go back to my employee
list over here.
So in some cases it makes sense to have a back button.
In others it does not.
We go one more go.
So to understand this behavior and how it works how that back button works we can do what is called
seen nesting or recontest different scenes on application right now our auth Flo has a single screen
and there is no screen that you should be able to go to where there should be like a next button or
a back button.
So we're going to nest our logon screen in its own separate scene with a single key of auth and know
of nothing else no other process whatsoever.
We can now think of this.
And I'm going to kind of colloquially referred to as like a scene bucket.
We now have an author bucket.
And if I go to any other scene of my application I'm going to be leaving the bucket.
And any time that I leave the soft bucket I'm not going to get any back buttons or anything like that.
On the other hand we want to have a forward and back button to go between the employee list and employee
create or employee form know whatever we end up calling the sing over here.
So it does make sense to nest the two of them together in their own scene bucket because they're in
their own bucket.
Anytime I go between them I am going to expect to have a back button and a forward button.
Now to be really clear this is behavior that is automatically implemented for us by our routing library.
So all we have to do is Nest our scenes and then the presence of the back button will be automatically
inferred for us.
So let's go to the shot.
Let's just see how it works.
Back inside of my rodder component I'm going to add another scene
of Auth. and I'm going to wrap my log in component with it and add another one with the key of main.
And I'm also going to wrap my employee list with that one.
So now I have two separate scene buckets.
And by the way this term I'm using here bucket it is solely for the purposes of this course.
It is not an official term but it's one that I find very helpful for kind of understanding what is going
on here.
So now because these are two separate buckets we can freely navigate between either of them without
getting any back button.
Now there is one little gotcha here and this is a very painful Gotcha.
And that is why I'm going to tell it to you right now.
We had been using the actions dot employee list to navigate over to this scene.
Right.
We'd like you know we just added that inside of our action crater's file.
Here's logging user success here is actions not employee list.
So the gotcha is whenever we are navigating between different buckets we cannot navigate directly to
a nested scene.
So now when I want to go from the log in scene right here over to my employee list I am instead going
to call actions dot main and then rely upon that to dump me on my employee list.
So it is a nasty little gotcha.
One just one that we've got to deal with.
So back in our action critter's file rather than going to actions dot employee list I'm going to go
to actions dot main and then right now because my employee list is the only scene in here.
This scene will be shown automatically for us.
OK so time for a little bit of text.
Refresh the simulator.
I will put in my e-mail.
Let's log in and now you'll notice I don't have the button on the left hand side anymore.
OK.
So definitely working the way that we expect now.
I think our navigation is a pretty good spot.
So let's continue in the next section